hello sir,
my name is balaraju manoj i have over all six years of experience including both non-IT and it sectors.
i started my career as a process exicutive in healthcare industry. 
in thhis 3 years of experience i have learn so many thing and also i have placed  many roles in this field.
as we started working  day with checking mail box because of any important mail came form client. once this task 
completed next we will attend for scrum meeting in this meeting will attend managers, group leads and teams members. 
in this scrum meet managers or group lead explain about what has been done for the day for example what is the target for the day
how to maintain quality and how to reach daily goals. once scrum meet completes group lead send an email saying that what has discussed 
in the meeting. once laed assign the work every team member should work on the assigned work. i have workin hard and i got promoted as SME 
in that role i am having additional responsibilities like assigning the work to the team and collecting the status and approving the 
high dollar approvals so and so. on that time claient offer new project requirement. in this project need to some employees who ahve good 
 knowledge for devolopment and operations. so my manager reffer me as a devoloper later point of time i was complete moved for devops 
 engineer. so that time i started my carrer with one of the mostly used configuration management tool like Ansible.

 Ansible is opensource IT software automation tool . Ansible used for provisioning, configuration management, deploying the application 
 and other IT services. Ansible is simple but powerpul management tool mainly used for cross platform computer support tasks.
 later started working on Jenkins. Jenkins is a opensource continous integration automation server. whwen ever developer commit the changes
 jenking pull the latest source code for building the application. when ever we build the package we will validate the code and compile the code
 the code and test the code and install the required packages and unit testing, continous testing and pacaging the application 
 into executable format.
 

 